---
layout: index-no-title
title:  "Grow Your Business"
permalink: grow-your-business
---
<div class='spacer'></div>
<div class='sales-page'>
  <h2>There are people out there who need you.</h2>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>You've felt it.</p>
  <p>If you have a small business, you know what it's like.</p>
  <p>That feeling you get when <strong>you make a customer happy.</strong></p>
  <p>You made a dent in the universe, and you’ve got money in your bank account to prove it.</p>
  <p><em>Damn, that feels good.</em></p>
  <p>And you know what else? </p>
  <p>Your customers feel it too.</p>
  <p>Your customers <strong>love it</strong> when your business succeeds.</p>
  <p>They love it when you work hard for them, and when you make their lives a little better by giving them exactly what they need.</p>
  <p>(They really love it when you’re easy to find).</p>
  <p>They need you.</p>
  <p>And you need them.</p>
  <p>Are you doing everything you can to meet that need?</p>
  <p>Or are there obstacles in your way?</p>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>
    You’ve got the business cards, the website, and the social media accounts.
    <br/>
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    But where are the customers?
  </h3><br/>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>Maybe you did everything you were “supposed to do.”</p>
  <p>Maybe you went and got everything that other successful businesses seem to have.</p>
  <p>You’ve heard that the internet makes anything possible-- that small businesses can do really well online (with not that much money).</p>
  <p>You got a logo, you got a business card, you got a website, and you got an Instagram and Facebook account.</p>
  <p>So why aren’t they working?</p>
  <p>You believe in what you do.</p>
  <p>You work really hard.</p>
  <p><em>You've built something great.</em></p>
  <p><strong>But your sales aren't where you need them to be.</strong></p>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>If you run your own business, you don’t have a lot of time.</h3>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>If you’re spreading what little time you have across your website, your Instagram, your Facebook, your flyers, your meetings, your networking, your ads-- </p>
  <p>You hardly have the time to <em>run your business,</em> let alone focus on getting more customers.</p>
  <p>Let me ask you something.</p>
  <p>What could you do if you had LOTS of customers?</p>
  <p>What if you could reach the <strong>perfect customer</strong> whenever you needed to?</p>
  <p>What if your business had a <strong>reliable system</strong> for getting a steady stream of customers <em>whenever you want them?</em></p>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>You’re closer than you think.</h3>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>I've helped a lot of businesses grow.</p>
  <p>I've also seen a lot of small business owners get in their own way.</p>
  <p>After ten years of helping good people build great businesses, I've learned something pretty important:</p>
  <p><em>Most businesses have <strong>one big problem</strong> at the root of all the others.</em></p>
  <p>Most small business owners have <strong>one thing</strong> that is really holding them back.</p>
  <p>If you knew what <strong>your real obstacle</strong> was, you'd breathe a huge sigh of relief.</p>
  <em>
    <p>You could help more people.</p>
    <p>You could bring in more money.</p>
    <p>And you could feel more free.</p>
  </em>
  <p>
    <strong>
      Do you know what's really holding you back?
    </strong>
  </p>
  <p>
    <strong>
      Do you want to?
    </strong>
  </p>
  <div class="call-to-action-wrapper">
    <form id="gform" class="cta-form" method="POST" action="https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbxFAv2ubEuzryqoNMDBGB5f_IpTSg8iGYC5Pxq1aTdhIqrb4Xpt/exec">
    <h3>Schedule a free consultation.</h3>
    <p>30 minutes of expert insight could change everything.</p>
    <p class="label">Your Name</p>
    <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="Enter your name" required>
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <p class="label">Your Email</p>
    <input type="email" name="email" placeholder="Enter your email address" required>
    <p class='error'>Please enter a valid email address.</p>
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <p class="label">Your Website</p>
    <input type="text" name="website" placeholder="Your business website (Optional)">
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <input class='submit-button' type="submit" value="grow my business">
    </form>
    <div id="thankyou_message" style="display:none;">
      <h3>Thank you. <br>I'll be in touch soon.</h3>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>How I'll Help You</h3>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>I’ve helped companies like Google, P&G, and Starbucks grow their businesses online.</p>
  <p>I’ve also helped a lot of small businesses and non-profits hit their best numbers in years.</p>
  <p>I have over 10 years of experience growing businesses by using <strong>great writing</strong> and <strong>efficient digital marketing</strong>.</p>
  <p>And I believe everyone deserves a deeply fufilling life.</p>
  <p>I'll help you in three steps:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>I will learn your business process and <strong>reveal your big, hidden obstacle</strong> to more customers and more money.</li>
    <li>I'll teach you to craft writing that sells, every time, anywhere (Facebook, Instagram, flyers, wherever!)</li>
    <li>I’ll help you discover <strong>your biggest opportunity online.</strong> </li>
  </ol>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>I’ll work with you side-by-side to grow your business every week.</h3>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>My goal is to help you grow your business-- by teaching you everything you’ll need to do it, and executing alongside you.</p>
  <p>When our time together is done, I want you to feel totally confident that you have the skills and strategies to get new customers whenever you want.</p>
  <p>When you work with me, you’ll get full access to my entire skill set, tailored to what your business needs the most.</p>
  <p><strong>Here are a few things I’m really good at:</strong></p>
  <ul>
    <li>Writing copy and advertising that sells</li>
    <li>Understanding your perfect customer and where to find them</li>
    <li>Coding and designing websites that can handle tons of traffic</li>
    <li>Helping you write emails that get results</li>
    <li>Creating effective (and really cheap) ads on social media</li>
    <li>Helping small business owners overcome their mental obstacles and bad habits</li>
  </ul>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <h3>I’ll go to work for you, as your partner and advisor, for as long as you need.</h3>
  <div class='spacer'></div>
  <p>Here’s how it works:</p>
  <p>You schedule a free consultation.</p>
  <p>We’ll meet for an hour or so, and I’ll get a sense of your business and your personality.</p>
  <p>If you like my initial ideas, and we both think we’ll be a good fit, I’ll send you a proposal.</p>
  <p>Then we’ll get to work.</p>
  <p>If you don’t see dramatic results after one month, we’re done, no questions asked.</p>
  <p>If you like your results, and want to keep growing, we’ll work together until you’ve got full control of your business and can grow it whenever you need to.</p>
  <p>If you want more leads, more customers, and more freedom in your business, schedule a free consultation to get started.</p>
  <div class="call-to-action-wrapper">
    <form id="gform" class="cta-form" method="POST" action="https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbxFAv2ubEuzryqoNMDBGB5f_IpTSg8iGYC5Pxq1aTdhIqrb4Xpt/exec">
    <h3>Schedule a free consultation.</h3>
    <p>30 minutes of expert insight could change everything.</p>
    <p class="label">Your Name</p>
    <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="Enter your name" required>
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <p class="label">Your Email</p>
    <input type="email" name="email" placeholder="Enter your email address" required>
    <p class='error'>Please enter a valid email address.</p>
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <p class="label">Your Website</p>
    <input type="text" name="website" placeholder="Your business website (Optional)">
    <div class='spacer'></div>
    <input class='submit-button' type="submit" value="grow my business">
    </form>
    <div id="thankyou_message" style="display:none;">
      <h3>Thank you. <br>I'll be in touch soon.</h3>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<script type="text/javascript">
    function validEmail(email) { // see:
    var re = /^([\w-]+(?:\.[\w-]+)*)@((?:[\w-]+\.)*\w[\w-]{0,66})\.([a-z]{2,6}(?:\.[a-z]{2})?)$/i;
    return re.test(email);
    }
    // get all data in form and return object
    function getFormData() {
    var elements = document.getElementById("gform").elements; // all form elements
    var fields = Object.keys(elements).map(function(k) {
      if(elements[k].name !== undefined) {
        return elements[k].name;
      // special case for Edge's html collection
      }else if(elements[k].length > 0){
        return elements[k].item(0).name;
      }
    }).filter(function(item, pos, self) {
      return self.indexOf(item) == pos && item;
    });
    var data = {};
    fields.forEach(function(k){
      data[k] = elements[k].value;
      var str = ""; // declare empty string outside of loop to allow
                    // it to be appended to for each item in the loop
      if(elements[k].type === "checkbox"){ // special case for Edge's html collection
        str = str + elements[k].checked + ", "; // take the string and append
                                                // the current checked value to
                                                // the end of it, along with
                                                // a comma and a space
        data[k] = str.slice(0, -2); // remove the last comma and space
                                    // from the  string to make the output
                                    // prettier in the spreadsheet
      }else if(elements[k].length){
        for(var i = 0; i < elements[k].length; i++){
          if(elements[k].item(i).checked){
            str = str + elements[k].item(i).value + ", "; // same as above
            data[k] = str.slice(0, -2);
          }
        }
      }
    });
    console.log(data);
    return data;
    }

    function handleFormSubmit(event) {  // handles form submit withtout any jquery
    event.preventDefault();           // we are submitting via xhr below
    var data = getFormData();         // get the values submitted in the form
    if( !validEmail(data.email) ) {   // if email is not valid show error
      document.getElementById('email-invalid').style.display = 'block';
      return false;
    } else {
      var url = event.target.action;  //
      var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
      xhr.open('POST', url);
      // xhr.withCredentials = true;
      xhr.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded');
      xhr.onreadystatechange = function() {
          console.log( xhr.status, xhr.statusText )
          console.log(xhr.responseText);
          document.getElementById('gform').style.display = 'none'; // hide form
          document.getElementById('thankyou_message').style.display = 'block';
          return;
      };
      // url encode form data for sending as post data
      var encoded = Object.keys(data).map(function(k) {
          return encodeURIComponent(k) + '=' + encodeURIComponent(data[k])
      }).join('&')
      xhr.send(encoded);
    }
    }
    function loaded() {
    console.log('contact form submission handler loaded successfully');
    // bind to the submit event of our form
    var form = document.getElementById('gform');
    form.addEventListener("submit", handleFormSubmit, false);
    };
    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', loaded, false);
</script>
